Variable - A variable can be literally anything in the world.  In this instance, it will be something you wish a computer to remember or manipulate, so for instance,
	we could tell it to make a 'constant' (never changing) variable, such as areMilkShakesGood = 'yesss!!!!!'.  This tells the computer that, whenever the 
	variable areMilkShakesGood comes up, to say/remember/print yesss!!!!!.  You could also make a variable which changes with its environment, and these kind of
	context-sensitive variables are called 'let' variables (as in, 'lets assume').  You could do something like let x (our variable) =5 (our meaning for the 
	variable, which will possibly change as we do things).
Strings - A string is just any kind of writing you would do that you want going into the code.  For instance, a computer wouldn't know what to do with Happy Birthday!
	as computers are cold unfeeling machines with no mother or grasp of human ritual, but it does understand that 'Happy Birthday!' (in quote marks) means
	you wish this to be considered one block thing, and it can do that (although it wont bring you balloons).
Function - A function is essentially an equation, or formula.  Put some stuff in, the function changes it, get stuff out.  You can make an equation do whatever you want 
	as long as you have some goal in mind.
*If* Statements - If statements allow you to split your code down two different paths.  It could be as simple as 'if its this way, do this one thing, otherwise do nothing', 
	or as complex as changing every line of code for the rest of the program!!  If statements allow a program to be more reactive and to allow you more freedom
	in your coding.
Boolean Values - Hardest one, for sure.  Boolean values mean...(!!!!!) true or false.  Thats it.  If something is a boolean value, its a true or a false.  This binary 
	way of putting something in your program allows for checks and many other useful things.  As well, since computers themselves 'talk' in binary, boolean values
	can be considered akin to the basics of computering (a.k.a. true is 1, false is 0)
 