Objects = Lets use a real life object like a car as an example of what an object in javascript is. 
    A car is an object, it has properties which would be color, length,  etc.  The car also has methods 
    such as drive, stop or park.  This is similar to how an object in javascript works.  Our object can be name whatever we like. 
    Lets go with 'Friends'.  We could give these friends a list of properties like firstName, lastName and gender.  

Properties = this plays off of what I just went over.  Properties are how you "describe" objects.  In my previous example, 
    I used a car.  I feel the care would be a great example here as well.  The car would be considered our object.  The cars color would be 
    considered a property.  Every object has properties.  Think of an object in your everyday life and try to think about what properties it contains.  
    The computer you are using now, your phone you just checked your snapchat or any other object you can see.  They all have properties.  

Method = I mentioned method in my first example of an object.  Methods are functions (actions) that can be performed on objects.  Lets stick
    with the car as our object.  The car has multiple methods.  We call these methods drive, stop, park, turn signal, etc.  
    All of these are considered methods and they can be performed on the object at anytime.  

For In = this loop, loops through the properties that are part of an object.  That would be the color/properties or any other properties the object holds.  
    Which in this case is the car.  You would use a for in loop when you only want to access properties of an object.  For example, you only want to access
    the color of the car, you could do this by using a for in loop.  

Dot versues brackets notation = There are two ways that we access properties on an object.  Dot and bracket notations.  With dot notations, 
    you can call properties that are alphanumerical.  For example, car.color.  The car is our object while color is our property.  With bracket
    notations, we are calling for strings.  Lets say we create an object named Friends.  We then have properties listed as firstName and lastName.  
    We could list these as strings such as 'firstName' = 'Joseph'.  To call this we could use friends[firstName].  

    
