Variables - A variable is something that contains things.  You can think of a variable as a bucket.  If I put toys in one bucket, then that bucket can be called a toy variable.  In another bucket I can place shoes and this could be called my shoe variable.  In some variables, I can change what is placed in them. An example of this would be if I wanted to add another pair of shoes to my shoes variable. Or maybe I need to add more toys to my toy variable.  There is another variable, called a constant variable.  For this special constant variable you can only put something into it one time.  Once you have put something into it, you can never change what it contains.  
Strings - A string is anything that you can type that begin or end in a quote (') or a double-quote('').  You can type letters, words, numbers, or any character.  It doesn't matter what characters you type, just as long as they begin and end with either a quote or double-quote.  For instance all of these are strings:  'A', "B", 'car', "number 1", "1". Here are some examples of things that are NOT strings because they don't begin and end with the quote or doublequote:  C, Bike, five, 10.
Functions - A function is something that performs an action. To get a function to do something, I have to call on it.  To call on a function, I have to type its name and then type ().  For example, if I want to call on a function named hello, then I could type hello(). Sometimes a function gives us back a value, but it doesn't have to.  Lets say that the action that the function named hello performs is to say "Hello!". This is all that the hello function does.  It doesn't give back anything to us.  All it does is perform some action. Some functions do give us back something and some functions also need something from us for it to perform its action.  Let's say that there is a function called ageInFiveYears.  The action that this function does is to add five years to my age. For this function to perform its action, it needs to know what my current age is. How else could it add five years to my age?  The information that I give to the function is called an argument.  In this case, my current age is the argument that I give to the function.  Using the argument information (my age), the function then performs its action of adding five years to my current age. This function then tells me what this age is.  The age that is given back to me is called the return value.  The return value is what the function gives back to me after it has performed its action of adding five years to my current age.
If Statements - An if statement is a statement that asks us whether something is true or not.  If what it asks us is true, then an action is performed.  If what it asks us not true, then either another action will happen or nothing at all will happen.  An example would be if I am presented before me with a piece of butterscotch pie. The If statement then asks me whether the pie is cherry and if it is then I can eat it.  Otherwise, I cannot eat it.  Since the answer to the IF statement question of "Is the pie cherry?" is No/Not True, then I am unable to eat the pie. Very sad.
Boolean Values - A boolean value can only be one of two things. A boolean value can be true, or a boolean value can be false.  When we ask whether something is true or false, the answer we get is a boolean value.  For example, if I ask whether 1 + 1 = 3, then the boolean value is false because what I'm asking ("Does 1 + 1 = 3?") is not true.  Another example would be if I asked whether 1 + 1 = 2.  In this case, the boolean value is true because what I'm asking("Does 1 + 1 = 2?") is true.