In JavaScript, a variable is like a box. It holds a value we define. We start with a term like 'const' this is short for constant. While "variable" and "constant" are opposites in definition, in programming the const tells you that once you choose what to put in the box and what to name the box, it can't be changed. There is also a variable named 'let'. This one does the same thing in making a box to hold something, but unlike 'const' if we need to change the name of the box or what's in it later, we can do so. 

Strings in JS are like when someone famous says something and you have to write it down. You want it to be exactly the words they used and you always put it in quotations. So once you make a string (a quote) what outputs (shows up on the screen) should be exactly what was inside the quote marks. You can expand on this with other commands to make it output things that were not inside the quote marks like addition or there are even commands to remove parts of the quote like subtraction. Essentially a string is going to be an object. A name, a number, a line of words. And you give it a nickname. So I could say mlk = "I have a dream" It's just a set of text that you put in quotations and define with a nickname. The variable would then go in front of that to tell you the nickname is holding the value you put in quotations.

When trying to define Arguments and Return you can try to think of it like a vending machine. The machine has items 1-10. You want the program in the machine to send you number 5. The arguments would be like putting the money in and hitting a selector button. It defines exactly what you want. The return is then the correct candy coming out.

If statements are probably the easiest to understand. Its cause and effect or true/false. If the room is clean, you can plan outside. When that statement is true, you play outside. When it comes back false (or not true) you have to stay inside. 

If statements work with a thing called Boolean values. Booleans are simply problems that are resolved either true, or false. Booleans can also be used with math to compare variables. Eg: 3 = 4, we know that to be false. The computer would run it as a boolean.