Lesson04-JS-1 :
1. Feynman Writing Prompts - In a seprate text file that you create, write out explanations of the following concepts like you are explaining it to a 12 year old.  Doing this will help you quickly discover any holes in your understanding.  Ask your questions on Slack.
		
	* Variables

    A variable is like  a toy. Each toy is different, 
    and has it's own space, and is used at a particular time. Toys even grow old and
    are abandoned.
    Each variable is named and assigned a place in memory, and at an a particular instruction
    is used, and then left to be cleaned up. Typicially these are numbers.

	* Strings
     
    A type of variable, i.e. it acts like a variable would except it can only be a
    set of characters and thus must be enclosed in ' '. A character is a information unit 
    that is not a number, and thus may be a part of the alphabet or a symbol.

	* Functions (arguments, `return`)

     A function is a piece (or more techinically a 'block') of code that you use 
     frequently and that might have inputs and outputs. The inputs are parameters 
     for the function creators [function prototype], but become arguments when one 
     actually calls the function with real data. Arguments are also all the items 
     contained within the () after the function name when the function is called. 
     A return statement is the ouput from the function. 

	* `if` statements

   There are multiple things that you want, but you only have money for a few of them.
   Each thing that you buy will lead to a different outcome. You need to select from a 
   list of items. The selection of each of those items is a branch in the if statement
   - a condition, and you could either get it - true, not get it - false, or decide to
   do nothing. The true and false conditions led to different activities (outputs).  
    

	* Boolean values (`true`, `false`)

    At the heart of the computer are bits and bytes. Each one of these bits can have two
    states : excited - true, or dormant - false. 
    
   
